This is project is born out of the desire to make past questions and course materials available to the average Nigerian student. The goal is to create a central repository where students can view and solve past questions that are from their course of study, study relevant course materials, a comprehensive and in-depth teaching of their curriculum, and lots more.
I first thought to build this as a web app, but that is not going to cut it for a lot of people. Most people would need an offline functionality as data is an expensive commodity for some people. The following are some of the features of the app
- At it's core, it's going to be an app for all Nigerian students to have free access to the past questions, course materials, and other related things.
- The past question system I have in mind is quite a unique one. It's not going to be a regular question and answer kind of thing. Each question is going to have a link to a corresponding course topic where the student can read more about the course if they so desire. This will allow for a more in-depth understanding of the question at hand.
- Each question will have different answer levels. This functionality will have come later. The main focus is getting something that works and serves the general purpose.
- A social media system is to also be implemented. The aim is too have place where like minds can relate, and students can get help if they so desire.
- A twitter like algorithm should also be considered in order to make the experience more dynamic and intuitive. 
- The first stage of the app is going to come in textual format, as i will be doing the research, design, and developing alone. Should the app gain traction, or make some money, I can help students make some money by employing the exceptional ones as tutors on courses that they are good at.
- Will implement things that students have to go to other places to find. We can have things like an advanced calculator, a logbook, a study journal, etc.
- We can have some sort of Ai integration in to the app. The function generally will could be but not limited to the following
	- **A general assistant for students**: It can help out when students have issues of any kind when ever they are studying without the, having to leave the app. Should be able to real what is on the page that a student is reading and provide explanations for any confusions.
	- **Suggesting potential questions based on past data**: The Ai system should be able to go through the past question in the database, discover a pattern among them, and suggest likely questions for students. You should be able to set the desired difficulty for the questions you have in mind. To reduce amount of times this will have to be called, we can create a table for it, and have the Ai check if the request have been made by another, and if yes, return the result from the dB, or just generate the question.
- The goal is to have this be an all in one space for students around the world. An depth research still needs to be conducted.
- We can also have external exam focused preparation courses. The courses will be well researched and taught to rival that of any paid ones.
- Jambites and secondary school students are not excluded either. A comprehensive and in-depth teaching of the government provided curriculum will be covered for them, as it's the general one that they would be using.
- As JAMB has a more vast past question, it would be cool to have some sort of system that goes through through all the question, sort and organize it based on the most reoccurring ones, find a common pattern for repeating question, and topics of focus, and then have students focus on its. Depending on the success of this system, their could be increase of the app users in coming years. 